clarify you can make noindex a global specification (#449)
mintlify/docs: settings/seo.mdx

---
noindex: true
---
```

> You can also specify `noindex` globally using this code in the mint.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify `noindex` for all pages in your docs by setting the `metadata.robots` field to `"noindex"` in your `mint.json`:
```
